CM-35702 - Update the "Soft Fail" documentation (#227)
cycodehq/cycode-cli: README.md

### Soft Fail

Using the soft fail feature will not fail the CI/CD step within the pipeline if the Cycode scan detects an issue.
If an issue occurs during the Cycode scan, using a soft fail feature will automatically execute with success (`0`) to avoid interference.

> Adding the `--soft-fail` option to any type of scans to configure this feature will force the scan results to succeed (exit code `0`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure this feature, add the `--soft-fail` option to any type of scan. This will force the scan results to succeed (exit code `0`).
```
